c:\users\thiagocustodio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\AzureTests.exe.config
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\obj\Debug\AzureTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\AzureTests.exe
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\AzureTests.pdb
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\obj\Debug\AzureTests.exe
c:\Users\thiagocustodio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AzureTests\AzureTests\obj\Debug\AzureTests.pdb
